Oh, here. Let me help you.
I'm doing too much.
Aren't you recovering from a recent injury?
How's that, Walter?
Much better, thank you.
Young lady, you have an injury and you still went out of your way to help me.
I don't know how to thank you enough.
Don't worry about it. I'm just here to help.
You seem well-trained in first aid. Are you a doctor?
Oh, no.
My mother has been unwell for quite some time, so...
I learned some basic first aid.
She's lucky to have you.
Oh, thank goodness. You're okay.
I came as soon as I could.
Thank you for taking care of the man.
Jade, I'm glad I could help.
But I have to get to work now.
Am I leaving you in good hands?
Indeed. You go ahead. Don't let me keep you.
What a nice girl.
If only my grandson could find someone so lovely.
Find out what you can about her.
Yes, sir.
You know what? Get me my phone.
I'm going to give him a call.
And why did she look so familiar?
Great, Dad.
Bruce, good to hear your voice after my near-death experience.
You really should come to visit more often.
What?